.\" Manpage for huggle
.\" Contact benapetr@gmail.com for suggestions or questions
.TH man 1 "3" "huggle man page"
.SH NAME
huggle \- launch huggle
.SH SYNOPSIS
huggle [-vh]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Huggle is an anti-vandalism software (fast diff browser for use with MediaWiki software) for use on Wikimedia projects or any MediaWiki based wiki. It requires X server to run. You can find more information about huggle on its web page at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Huggle
.SH OPTIONS

You can use following arguments to change the runtime settings:

 -h|--help:         Display help for program and its license.
 --version | -V:    Display a version
 -v:                Increases verbosity, you can use multiple -v parameters to make the verbosity level much higher. In case you use high verbosity, the performance will be significantly slower unless you combine this with --dot mode.
  --fuzzy:          Enable fuzzy localizations (these which were translated in past but which were not updated since the source text has changed).
 --safe:            Start huggle in special mode where lot of stuff is skipped during load.
 --chroot <path>:   Changes the home path of huggle to a given folder, so that huggle reads a different configuration file and uses different data.
 --login:           Can be used in combination of --login-file only, this will tell huggle to start login process immediately without letting you to change any login preferences on login form.
 --login-file:      Read a username and password from plain text file, separated by a colon warnings found in localization files. This option is useful for developers and people who create localization files.
 --syslog [file]:   Will write a logs to a file. You can specify the file name. In case that no file is provided, huggle.log is used.

Debugging options
 --dot:             Debug on terminal only mode, in this mode debug lines are only stored on terminal. This is a very useful option in case that use are using high verbosity level.
 --qd [file]:       Write all transferred data to a file
 --language-test:   Will perform CPU expensive language test on startup, which reports warnings found in localization files. This option is useful for developers and people who create localization files

Note: every argument in [brackets] is optional but argument in <brackets> is required!!!!


.SH BUGS
See https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/maniphest/task/create/?projects=Huggle for bug reports
.SH AUTHOR
See https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Huggle/Members
